procstat: add page (#15738)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/freebsd/procstat.md

# procstat

> Display detailed information about processes in FreeBSD.
> More information: <https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=procstat>.

> - Display file descriptors of a specific process:
> 
> `procstat -f {{pid}}`
> 
> - Show virtual memory mappings of a process:
> 
> `procstat -v {{pid}}`
> 
> - Display process arguments:
> 
> `procstat -c {{pid}}`
> 
> - Show resource limits of a process:
> 
> `procstat -r {{pid}}`

Reviewer: https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=procstat

These are the long options, according to the man page.
```suggestion
- Display file descriptors of a specific process:

`procstat fds {{pid}}`

- Show virtual memory mappings of a process:

`procstat vm {{pid}}`

- Display process arguments:

`procstat arguments {{pid}}`

- Show resource limits of a process:

`procstat rlimit {{pid}}`
```
